fast and furious presents Hobbs and Shah
is about to hit theatres so if you
aren't caught up on all of the faster
Furious movies have no idea who Hobbs
and Shah even are or just need a quick
refresher we've got you covered
here's everything you need to know about
the Hobbs and Shah characters from The
Fast and Furious franchise we are first
introduced to Dwayne the rock Johnson as
Luke Hobbs in the film Fast Five the
previous fast movies have evolved to set
up Vin Diesel's Dominic Toretto and his
team as Robin hood-like figures using
street racing skills to pull off various
heists Fast Five starts with DOM being
busted out of prison by his team before
they all flee to Rio de Janeiro
once there they get caught up in a plan
which sees them planning a heist to
steal a hundred million dollars from
local crime lord Hernan Reyes obviously
things get complicated when DSS agent
Luke Hobbs arrives in Rio with his
highly skilled team to stop DOM and
place him under arrest the rest of Fast
Five plays out like a game of cat and
mouse with Dom's team planning their
heist while trying to avoid being
captured by Hobbs and his team
ultimately Dom's team is captured but
when Ray as his men attack and kill
Hobbes's team Dwayne the rock Hobbs
decides to team up with his rival Dom to
seek out revenge and pull off the money
heist
Dom's team successfully steals the money
and Hobbes kills Reyes
he's still plan on arresting Dom but
their time together had earned Dom a 24
hour head start so Dom's team flees
still wanted but very rich which takes
us to Fast & Furious 6
Dom's team is spread across the world
happy but tired of always looking over
their shoulders as wanted criminals
luckily Luke Hobbs returns with a very
enticing deal former Special Ops soldier
Owen Shaw has formed a team that is
attacking military and government
facilities around the world stealing
components to make a deadly MacGuffin
that Shaw plans to sell to the highest
bidder
Hobbes wants to stop him
if Dobbs team helps he can grant them
full amnesty and freedom
so now Hobbs has joined Dobbs team as
they track Shaw across several different
countries eventually leading to a climax
in a jumbo plane on an infinite runway
Dom's team family member Gisele played
by Cal Godot is killed in the conflict
but in the end Shaw is defeated after
being thrown from a moving plane
Hobbs grants team family their freedom
and although they are mourning the loss
of one of their own
things are finally looking up except it
turns out oh and Shaw has a bigger and
badder older brother named Deckard Shaw
played by none other than Jason Statham
in a post-credits scene Deckard Shaw
kills Dom's BFF Hahn and makes it known
that hole also be coming after the rest
of the team and that takes us into
Furious 7 even though it's revealed that
Owen Shaw isn't actually dead the plot
of the film revolves around Deckard Shaw
going after Dom's team in an act of
vengeance after killing Hahn decorative
tacks Hobbes nearly killing him and
placing him in the hospital for the
majority of the film the rest of the
film is another giant game of cat and
mouse that spans the globe with Dom's
team and Deckard Shaw alternately
hunting the other while also in pursuit
of a MacGuffin known as the gods I
eventually the action returns to Los
Angeles where Hobbes flexes out of his
cast to rejoin the fight against Deckard
Shaw Dom defeats Shaw and Hobbes has
arrested and sent to a secret
high-security prison and that finally
brings us to the most recent film in the
franchise the fate of the furious new
villain cypher played by Charlize Theron
blackmails Dom into joining her team you
see it turns out Dom has a secret son he
didn't know about and if Dom doesn't
help her start a nuclear war it's not
gonna be good for baby diesel so Dom
betrays his team and double-crosses them
on a mission set up by Hobbs Hobbs
ends up arrested and sent to the same
high-security prison as Deckard Shaw the
two escaped and reluctantly team up to
take down cypher with
the villains team it's now up to Hobbes
to lead our team of heroes Hobbes leads
the team to Russia to disarm a nuclear
submarine while Deckard Shaw gets help
from his brother Owen and infiltrating
ciphers playing to rescue Dom's son in
one of the most adorable action scenes
ever filmed after Deckard successfully
saves baby diesel DOM can finally rejoin
Hobbes and his team to thwart the
nuclear war although cypher ends up
escaping the world is ultimately saved
and Dom Hobbes and Shaw are able to put
aside their differences mostly we'll see
how long that lasts
when Hobbes and Shaw are forced back
together in their own spin-off what are
your favorite moments from The Fast &
Furious franchise what are you most
looking forward to at Hobbes and Shaw
and who else should get their own
spin-off let me know in the comments
below like this video subscribe for more
and I'll see you in the next one